Hey everyone.
Welcome back, and now we're gonna
download the Win32 Disk Imager.
>> All right.
So, we're gonna go ahead and go to Google,
and just look up the Win32 disk imager.
>> The first link that comes up is the
sourceforge.net, and it's a pretty common
website to download the Win32 Disk Imager,
so you can go ahead and click on that.
>> Oh, by the way, Ucrish,
what does this do?
>> So, the Win32 Disk Imager is a tool for
writing images onto SD
cards of USB sticks.
So, on the website we're gonna see a green
box, and we're just gonna click download.
Once this starts downloading,
we're gonna install it onto our computer,
and we'll see you in the next section,
and we'll start flashing
the images onto the SD card.